---
date: null
scripture:
- Matthew 6
- Daniel 6
- Daniel 6:3-5
series: null
tags:
- devotion
- holy-spirit
- god
- faith
- sin
- fear
- matthew
title: Devotion Daniel
---


Read Daniel 6, https://my.bible.com/bible/114/DAN.6.nkjv

'Then this Daniel distinguished himself above the governors and satraps, because an excellent spirit was in him; and the king gave thought to setting him over the whole realm. So the governors and satraps sought to find some charge against Daniel concerning the kingdom; but they could find no charge or fault, because he was faithful; nor was there any error or fault found in him. Then these men said, “We shall not find any charge against this Daniel unless we find it against him concerning the law of his God.” Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went home. And in his upper room, with his windows open toward Jerusalem, he knelt down on his knees three times that day, and prayed and gave thanks before his God, as was his custom since early days. So the king gave the command, and they brought Daniel and cast him into the den of lions. But the king spoke, saying to Daniel, “Your God, whom you serve continually, He will deliver you.” I make a decree that in every dominion of my kingdom men must tremble and fear before the God of Daniel. For He is the living God, And steadfast forever; His kingdom is the one which shall not be destroyed, And His dominion shall endure to the end. He delivers and rescues, And He works signs and wonders In heaven and on earth, Who has delivered Daniel from the power of the lions.' Daniel 6:3-5,10,16,26-27 https://my.bible.com/bible/114/DAN.6.3-5,10,16,26-27

The things to highlight here are how faithful Daniel was in his devotion to God. Because he sought first God’s kingdom and His righteousness, God gave all other things to Daniel, including being made in charge of the entire kingdom.

Matthew 6:33, "But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well."

Are we devoted like Daniel?

Why or why not?

What can we do this week differently to put God first?