---
date: null
scripture:
- James 3
- Micah 1
- Philippians 4
- Micah 2
- Micah 3
- Micah 2:6-7
- Philippians 4:6-9
series: null
tags:
- family-devotion
- adult-lesson
- devotion
- holy-spirit
- jesus
- god
- christ
- prayer
title: Devotion Micah
---


***Family Emphasis***

**This week’s main point:**

Don’t be troubled, but trust in God

**Scriptures to read:**

Philippians 4:6-9, "Never worry about anything. But in every situation let God know what you need in prayers and requests while giving thanks. Then God’s peace, which goes beyond anything we can imagine, will guard your thoughts and emotions through Christ Jesus. Finally, brothers and sisters, keep your thoughts on whatever is right or deserves praise: things that are true, honorable, fair, pure, acceptable, or commendable. Practice what you’ve learned and received from me, what you heard and saw me do. Then the God who gives this peace will be with you."

# Questions:

What kinds of things make you worry or troubled?

Do you ever feel bad about yourself or something in your life?

What happens to us if all we think about is the negative things that trouble us?

What does God want us to think about the most?

What does God’s peace feel like?

***Adult Emphasis***

# **Scriptures to read:**

'All this is for the transgression of Jacob And for the sins of the house of Israel. What is the transgression of Jacob? Is it not Samaria? And what are the high places of Judah? Are they not Jerusalem? All her carved images shall be beaten to pieces, And all her pay as a harlot shall be burned with the fire; All her idols I will lay desolate, For she gathered it from the pay of a harlot, And they shall return to the pay of a harlot.”’ Micah 1:5,7

'“Do not prattle,” you say to those who prophesy. So they shall not prophesy to you; They shall not return insult for insult. You who are named the house of Jacob: “Is the Spirit of the Lord restricted? Are these His doings? Do not My words do good To him who walks uprightly?’ Micah 2:6-7

Micah 3

# Questions:

What was the sin of the people?
Micah 1 and Micah 2

What were the sins of Israel’s leaders?
Micah 3:11

Who was ultimately blamed for the judgment of Israel?
Micah 3:12

James 3:1, "My brethren, let not many of you become teachers, knowing that we shall receive a stricter judgment."