---
date: null
scripture:
- Peter 1
- Peter 1:2-11
series: null
tags:
- devotion
- jesus
- god
- christ
- sin
- peace
- fear
title: Devotion Gravity
---


Do you feel the weightiness of God’s calling? Does it make you weep? Show me what disturbs you and I’ll show you your calling.

There is great difference between thinking God might have a plan for you and knowing He has marked you for a purpose for such a time as this. My fear is that you may not know the latter. Sure anyone can believe God cares about them, but that is not what I am talking about.

I’m talking about a God-given vision that has such a bite upon your soul that you cannot and do not want to escape it or sell it or forego it for any price in the world. Friends, I wish I could say we have plenty of time for you to figure this all out. But I do not believe we have much time at all.

What will be the next catastrophe in this world? Seriously, what **can’t **happen in 2020? We’ve already seen wild fires, plagues, murder hornets, earthquakes, riots, race wars, crumbling democracies, and unprecedented religious discrimination!

Hear me! We need do nothing if things will return to “normal”. We do, however, need to prepare if the foretold events of the Scriptures are coming to pass right now before our very eyes. For that you do need to prepare and prepare now!

Friends, never forget the mission! That mission is no small task. It is the task of winning the hearts of all men and women. To lead them to become disciples of the One True God. To literally save the world! What greater mission are you waiting to dedicate your life to? Is your current life plan more pressing? What could possibly be holding you back?

2 Peter 1:2-11

Grace and peace be multiplied to you in the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord, as His divine power has given to us all things that pertain to life and godliness...by which have been given to us exceedingly great and precious promises...Therefore, brethren, **be even more diligent to make your call and election sure**, for if you do these things you will never stumble; for so an entrance will be supplied to you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.