---
date: null
scripture:
- Philippians 4
series: null
tags:
- family-devotion
- holy-spirit
- jesus
- god
- christ
- prayer
- love
- worship
title: Family devo new 4 10 21
---


What does peace look like in your life?
*Make a list on the white board*.

Do we struggle in trying to find our peace through pleasure?

I would say pleasure only last for a minute and is usually felt in  the  human flesh,  true peace is eternal and you feel it in your soul.

Think about something you enjoy eating or doing?
how does it make you feel? Does this effect your soul or body?

Now think about our time in worship and prayer how does that effect us? Does this effect our bodies or our souls?

Let’s read Philippians 4:6

“And because you belong to Christ Jesus, God’s peace will stand guard over all your thoughts and feelings. His peace can do this far better than our human minds.”

‭‭Philippians‬ ‭4:7‬ ‭ERV‬‬

‭‭John‬ ‭14:27‬ ‭EASY‬‬

‭‭“I will go away but I will give you a gift of peace. It is mine to give and yours to keep. It is not like a gift that this world gives. Do not let yourselves be sad. Do not be afraid.”

‭‭Galatians‬ ‭5:22‬ ‭EASY‬‬

“But God's Spirit causes us to live in a different way. We love other people. We are happy and we have peace in our minds. We are patient, kind and good. People can trust us to do what is right.”

Can we have true peace with out Gods spirit?

I want to ask you what is peace?
freedom from disturbance;  harmony,  the lack of conflict.

When we seek after worldly pleasures it only brings spiritual pain.

‭‭John‬ ‭15:11‬ ‭ERV‬‬

“I have told you these things so that you can have the true happiness that I have. I want you to be completely happy.”

*Who wants to know what Jesus said that  for us to be completely happy? *

“I have obeyed my Father’s commands, and he continues to love me. In the same way, if you obey my commands, I will continue to love you. I have told you these things so that you can have the true happiness that I have. I want you to be completely happy.”

‭‭John‬ ‭15:10-11‬ ‭ERV‬‬